feat: adding json filter docs and clean up (#179)
Basis-Theory/docs: source/includes/api-reference/_tokens.md

### Searching Data

Basis Theory currently supports data searches on `social_security_number`, `employer_id_number` and `token` token types.
When creating tokens of these types, Basis Theory will securely index several data patterns to enable searching on these values 

> based on the `search_indexes` expressions passed in the [Create Token Request](#tokens-create-token).

Reviewer: should we also mention "or Tokenize Request"?

If `search_indexes` are not provided when creating a token, then `social_security_number` and `employer_id_number` will get the following default search indexes:

> - `{{ data }}` which results in the value with standard delimiters (`-`), eg. `123-45-6789`

Reviewer: This isn't entirely accurate since we support ssn and ein tokens being created without delimiters. Maybe we should only say, `which results in the input value being indexed, eg. 123-45-6789.`

- `{{ data | remove: '-'}}` which results in the value without delimiters, eg. `123456789`
- `{{ data | last4 }}` which results in the last 4 digits of the value, eg. `6789`

> For generic tokens (type `token`), default indexes are not applied and you are free to generate your custom data patterns by providing `search_indexes` expressions during [token creation](#tokens-create-token), which are based on [Liquid templating language expressions](https://shopify.github.io/liquid/). Each expression must result in a single value, which cannot be null or empty, otherwise a 400 error will be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For generic tokens (type `token`), default indexes are not applied and you are free to specify any desired indexes within the `search_indexes` property during [token creation](#tokens-create-token). The `search_indexes` property supports the use of expressions, which are based on the [Liquid templating language](https://shopify.github.io/liquid/). Each expression must result in a single value, which cannot be null or empty, otherwise a 400 error will be returned.
```

> Token data searches will only return a token if there is an exact match on one of these data patterns produced by the `search_indexes` expressions; full wildcard search is not currently supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any expressions contained within `search_indexes` will be evaluated against the token data before generating indexes. Token data searches will only return a token if there is an exact match on one of the evaluated `search_indexes`; full wildcard search is not currently supported.
```

### Response

Returns [an error](#errors) if the token failed to delete.

> ## Custom filters

Reviewer: `Custom filters` as a top level name in the sidebar doesn't really give enough context as to what it means - no one knows what a filter is, let alone a "custom" one. I would name this `Expressions` for now, and move it under the other Expressions section once it's created.

Filters are placed within your Liquid expression `{{ }}`, are denoted by the pipe character `|` and it is possible to chain them together: 
`{{ <liquid_expression> | <filter1> | <filter2> ... }}`.

 In addition to the broad list of [filters](https://shopify.github.io/liquid/filters/abs/) supported by Liquid, we provide several custom filters that will allow you to format your data easily. 

### last4 

 Returns the last 4 characters of a string. If the string's length is less than 4, the whole value is returned. 

Given a token with the data:

<div class="center-column" style="clear: none;"></div>
```json
{
  "id": "d35412f4-9d3b-45d8-b051-fe4b7d4e14c5",
  "type": "token",
  "data": "36227206271667"
}
```

| Expression                                                                                 | Result                            |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------|
| <code>{{ data &#124; last4 }}</code>                                                       | "1667"                              |

> | <code>{{ data &#124; slice: 12, 13 &#124; last4 }}</code>                                     | "67"                                |

Reviewer: should this be `slice: 12, 2`? The second parameter is length
